MASTER / Control plane :

Kuberetes Api server / Master Api Server / Control plane Api server 
    - It will expose the Api
    - It will have the information of PODS
    - It will control the traffic on all the worker nodes

ETCD -> Database / Storage - It will have the complete information of Complete cluster (Key:value store)

Kubernetes schedular - It will schedule the pod and decides on which instance / node the pod has to deploy. (Kubectl create or Kubectl apply it will go to schedular and schedular will perform his task)
                     - It will check highly available node and deploy the pod unless you specify the node.

Control Manager - It will control the happenings in K8 cluster.

1. Node Controller - It will have control over the nodes (if any issues on node)
2. Job Controller - It will have the jobs like killing the pod, runs a pod
3. End Point Controller - When you deploy the pod, this controller will expose that as a service (url)
4. Service controller / Service accounts / token controller - It will have the secrets (E.g : Dockerhub credentials to pull the image)

Cloud contorl controller 
- He will repsonsible for service controller, route controller, node controller
- If you are taking the any service from cloud provider, it will be aligned with external and the cluster
- It will help in autoscaling - E.g: if your application needs more node, it will create and if there is no require of node, it will delete. 
It will only present when you take k8 as service like AKS, GKS, EKS

Worker Node:

Kubelet - Agent, check whether the container running in pods or not and submit the details to etcd
kube-proxy - If the container is running as a pod, you have to make it as a service and expose to ip for the external, that network policies it will take care.
And it will take care the traffic for the perticular worker nodes.

Container Runtime - Kubernetes will provide the more container run time like Docker, containerd, crio -> Just responsible for running the 
container (It will responsible for recognizing the images)
